Update package readme (#21)
instana/observability-as-code: packages/@instana-integration/go/README.md

|----------------------------|-------|------------------------|
| service.name               | string  | This attribute is used to describe the entity name.    |
| service.instance.id        | string  | This attribute is used to describe the entity ID of the current object.  |

### Installation and Usage

> With Instana CLI [stanctl-integration](https://github.com/instana/observability-as-code) for integration package management, you can manage the lifecycle of this package by downloading and importing into Instana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [Instana CLI for integration package management](https://github.com/instana/observability-as-code?tab=readme-ov-file#instana-cli-for-integration-package-management), you can manage the lifecycle of this package by downloading and importing into Instana.
```

Author: Updated

Downloading the package:

```shell
$ stanctl-integration download --package @instana-integration/go
```

Importing the dashboard into Instana:

```shell
$ stanctl-integration import --package @instana-integration/go \

>   --server $INSTANA_SERVER \

Reviewer: Do we need explanation about the env vars like $INSTANA_SERVER and $API_TOKEN? Same applies to nodejs and opentelemetry-demo package.

Author: I'm not sure, because there are more detailed introductions in the blog and IBM doc, and it's difficult to describe them in concise language here.

Author: Added explanations for them, which are derived from their descriptions in Instana openapi doc

  --token $API_TOKEN \

>   --set servicename=$SERVICE_NAME \

Reviewer: Do we have these two params defined in the dashboard? Same applies to nodejs and opentelemetry-demo package.

Author: Yes, that's why we need the `Installation and Usage` section here.

|----------------------------|-------|------------------------|
| service.name               | string  | This attribute is used to describe the entity name.    |
| service.instance.id        | string  | This attribute is used to describe the entity ID of the current object.  |

### Installation and Usage

> With [Instana CLI for integration package management](https://github.com/instana/observability-as-code?tab=readme-ov-file#instana-cli-for-integration-package-management), you can manage the lifecycle of this package by downloading and importing into Instana.

Author: Updated

Downloading the package:

```shell
$ stanctl-integration download --package @instana-integration/go
```

> Importing the dashboard into Instana:

Author: Updated

```shell
$ stanctl-integration import --package @instana-integration/go \
  --server $INSTANA_SERVER \
  --token $API_TOKEN \
  --set servicename=$SERVICE_NAME \
  --set serviceinstanceid=$SERVICE_INSTANCE_ID
```

> - INSTANA_SERVER: This is the base URL of a tenant unit, e.g. https://test-example.instana.io. This is the same URL that is used to access the Instana user interface.

Author: Updated

> - API_TOKEN: Requests against the Instana API require valid API tokens. An initial API token can be generated via the Instana user interface. Any additional API tokens can be generated via the API itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API_TOKEN: Requests against the Instana API require valid API tokens. The API token can be generated via the Instana user interface. For more information, please refers to [Instana documentation](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=apis-instana-rest-api#usage-of-api-token).
```

Author: Updated
